what's up guys and welcome to your
favorite type of content on my channel
the sponsored content because Christmas
gifts are freaking expensive anyways
today we are sponsored by Amazon coin
and final fantasy brave xvs before we
get into everything let me explain to
you what Amazon coins are Amazon coins
are a digital currency what you're gonna
do is you buy currency through the
Amazon app and that digital currency the
Amazon coins itself will allow you to
buy apps through the Android store or
items in-game or with our boots and game
whatever could possibly be needed if you
are gonna spend money in a mobile game
it's better to do them through Amazon
coins because you will save money and
who doesn't like saving money once you
have the Amazon app you will just double
click it go into your Amazon app and all
you have to search for is coins I mean
you need to search Amazon coins or you
can just search the number if you just
do coins 10,000 once you have the Amazon
coins on your account you can just log
into whatever game you're going to play
and your Amazon going coins will be
available if it is application that
accepts Amazon coins it will be
available as a form of currency in your
game and it will be significantly
cheaper than if you buy whatever you're
looking for in your application now that
you guys know what Amazon coins are let
me introduce you to this promotion
specifically which is called coin
stoppable
now when you purchase Amazon coins to
play final fantasy brave xvs you'll be
saving $35 off $100 in amazon coins that
means you pay $65 and you get 10,000
Amazon coins whereas normally you'd have
to pay $100 for 10,000 Amazon coins once
you click the link below you'll be
directed to this page and if you follow
the instructions you'll be able to
understand exactly how to use your
Amazon coins now I personally don't have
an Android device myself so I end up
having to use this link which is for any
other device that is not an Android
device what you'll do is you'll go to
this page and you will follow these
instructions which will teach you how to
download an emulator which is what I've
been playing on I personally use
BlueStacks they recommend bigmouths
both are fine both work I've used both
for different promotions but for
some reason BlueStacks is kind of my
thing and what you will do is you will
download this program you'll download
the Amazon app in this program and
you'll buy your amazon coins while
you're in the emulator and that will
allow you to then download Final Fantasy
brave XP is where you will use the coins
in order to buy lapis which is the
in-game currency and Final Fantasy and
now we will jump into the Final Fantasy
XV s gameplay which is one of the
applications that you can use Amazon
coins on alright boys let's get into the
gameplay Final Fantasy brave XV I've
played a Final Fantasy mobile game
before not sure exactly which one it was
but I have played a Final Fantasy mobile
game before I assume it's gonna be
similar I mean Final Fantasy just Final
Fantasy it's an RPG both Final Fantasy
games have the same theme to them where
you're gonna have your items you're
gonna have your abilities and it's gonna
be about using your abilities more
intelligently than the enemies but I
assume that will start off pretty easy
here it shouldn't be too crazy here I
mean we're pretty much gonna be starting
out in the bronze League of Final
Fantasy brave accident so let's get into
it I like this music yeah
so I've okay maybe I was a little bit
facetious before I I did play a little
bit just to make sure you know the game
works and everything I wanted to make
sure my emulator work and obviously I
mean if I play the game for any amount
of time Rank 1 obviously imminent which
is definitely the best rank you can get
it's not the starting rank it is the
best rank kappa you're the most talented
in order obviously everything you do
convinces me I must watch you like a
hawk could anything I do convince you to
watch our foes instead get naked wait
what everybody all right
this is going to be this is gonna be
pretty basic right here oh wait I
overkill the way I should have thought
of this okay I'm already feeling I have
two buttons to press I already failed
I already already messed it all up
that's sad dude oh boy maybe this one
can actually put up a fight I doubt it I
only have two two abilities I have to
just be able to click these buttons and
oh my god wait that did a lot of damage
hold up hold up
oh so that's how you okay can't do it oh
okay that one shot it x4 it's like the
actions flick unit windows up-down
left-right to perform certain actions
actually yeah
ah it all makes sense dude it's genius
do we do the cut see I'll watch the
cutscene let's give the cutscene a
chance
you know this music reminds me reminds
me of like Super Mario RPGs did any of
you guys ever play that that's what I
rise over here just pretty much call me
an idiot dude what the hell yeah I guess
I'm getting flamed by this dude I'm
skipping it did I don't want to get
flamed by this guy any longer
I get flamed enough my diamond - so
lucky games alright come on come on
Miami Internet you can do it time to go
boys should I select wait they're all
the same pretty much
now we're good once I'm here - what a
treat so I have a new companion wait so
how do I do that thing where I switch
okay so these are my friends these are
my Billy's eventually
does that work oh wait that did a lot of
damage I remember last time I did a
Final Fantasy
Niko's Final Fantasy Mobius last time I
did a Final Fantasy Prashad I don't like
the first level that was
embarrassing but luckily I'm streaming
so my dad I'm not streaming I'm doing
this recorded so if I died in the first
level I'm just gonna cut it out and you
guys never know this way I will get
flamed I don't get yelled at
a killer mantis it's not a praying
mantis dude it's a killer mantis it's
the next level of mantis did dad perfect
I'm not gonna get baden-baden into Auto
last time I put it on auto I just
instantly died it's a bad omen I'm
pretty sure that if you put it on auto
just make sure that you lose that you
actually aren't a lazy-ass and you sit
here and you you play the game you grind
the game yourself you don't just put it
on auto and have like a bot grinded or
something
all right this is where we get the Jagan
Ted it's flame sword it
other than at one time the critical
critical feel comfortable battling
alongside visions seem you ready for
your next lesson using them to augment
their strength I this is where it starts
getting it starts getting real I guess
wait a second
holy moly so now we should turn on our
flame sword
please tell me I don't died I won't die
right we're killing it we're killing it
Oh Chi I like the name of it
Oh Chi okay there it is overkill it's
dead dude we killed it I hope you guys
enjoyed the video I really appreciate
you guys supporting me and and helping
out with my promotions if you want to
check out Amazon coins there will be a
link in the description to the App Store
where you can download your Amazon coins
and make sure to check out final fantasy
brave x fist
thank you for watching